yeah I'm recording hello everyone this
is our plg last call the spread meetings
on Friday was just the three of us today
I think Nicola will be leading we have
notes you can find them in the spring
issue calm / a beep s / km /h 2 / 2 85
legal oh go ahead so unfortunately I'm I
I do have a laptop but it's not set up
with anything with a temporary laptop so
i have no power to em access to a text
editor right now I'm not my phone on the
mall so but so if someone can take notes
let me quieres Portuguese I have a
laptop with good internet browsing so
the only thing is I is not connected we
all dressed I am and so there are the
first thing I want to discuss is that
I've been really busy and I'm very
strong for everyone that is depending on
me on something I think one I may be
clear the point of the pineal be here
and I think I over I ever planned
although I plan value to our old plan
for this stuff for this time when you're
so I'm doing it right just cause I'm
shooting high yeah I'm 05 my defense I
am ok no I'm not even a prolapse member
well still i'm taking some I'm taking
some i'm working on some things and it's
i think some people it is a dependent on
someone stop them so tell me especially
in this past two weeks I I with my
laptop has been crazy so sorry everyone
for a clear in the disruption now second
thing I want to least I won't discuss
what's the state of the bull moose is
just a straight what is the state of the
website right now and because in the
past weeks there have been some issues
that i created or some
the and someone else created and it
would be good to just iterate over what
is state and if are we on time mobile
for a knock on time
yeah so in terms of the of the websites
I haven't done anything the last period
I'm waiting for you to drill the content
of stuff I know there are a few minor
styling things that you wanted to affix
but I can waiting to like back up to
work so i can just go through it in one
in one part i did start working on the
playground I don't know you want to see
like a demo of that maybe not maybe we
can do about a different time i'm okay i
think i saw it already do you put on an
issue no i haven't got it anyway sees my
can probably very basic version oh I
will I will send a link to the rifle in
the negative issue and then you can take
a look at it but in general the task
telling is agreeing on the content on
the website and I do think that died is
gonna change after or call with one as
well okay yep then then it's very
important when I rejoins its cold always
gonna show up today probably at your
level okay but your position with 10 now
we are we had a quick discussion in
general about the bottom websites about
multi-format sleepy TP and an idea we
became up as well we started talking
about it and we decided to defer it to
whom this sprinkle is done but now he
didn't my time so probably we have to do
this think of this later or whenever you
use available looks fun we knew we would
have to get a feedback anyway um you had
just all the messaging so that doesn't
like to change any more plans but would
be good
that's when I rather than later just we
could move forward faster yeah i think
my thinking is that we don't do a bunch
of work with content and that makes like
well we have to go 180 this direction
another angry so let's thank less than
what are the low-hanging fruits and and
so that we are all clear about what it
stayed beside yes I wish that I just
given up I just give an update but let
me quickly limited little bit so the
beautification set liquor is totally up
to you i wrote some comments and just
get what you think is best it's absolute
rule gonna to try and i do think that
that's likely work there is not much no
interactive code example is the one I
said that even on mention sounds like we
have some comments about this playground
visually we would discuss that give some
question of comments or new ideas wow I
do think engine generator is a good idea
I was thinking it actually on something
that is for steamer through how the what
is this wiki that's the word coming home
this is fighting right on down forget it
we can yeah federated wiki where you
have like a navigation where your
navigate into something right you have
like a page a full page and then if you
click on a link the new page will open
like you know in a new column and then
the more pictures you open you have like
the history of the pictures a constant I
was thinking something Michael but i do
think like what you have right now if we
can figure out a way to structure it a
bit better on i'm playing along with it
see if I can figure something out okay I
think it can be a good a good start you
know maybe not like the playground that
we will forever stay with but at least
interrupted by example to use on the
language yeah okay I think that way step
is really innocent right doing some some
tongue froze he completely disappear you
know she's especially pale shadow of
what he used to be regarding my issues
on the website I went through and did
everything that was designed to me and
commented that every tray that was
assigned to me that just paint Niccolo
on so i think i'm basically like also
waiting there's not that much like no up
there is good it's gone so maybe i will
show you my little thing let's see
incoming morning for the full screen
stop using my screen here nope so
basically it works ok to 10 pitch him
some big one cool type hi nikal on head
I'm sorry my post for some reason my
phone got too hot and it said your phone
is too hot everything has stopped please
call it down I just open the window to
the phone out for like 10 seconds and we
start working in again to disappear so
again oh cool so this is like the very
basic them really cool okay so the point
is that you should be able to click on
things and also like hover in the other
way around so my purse
you should highlight over here when I
hope again and then of course some
styling and being able to like solve
objects when you navigate to them rather
than like resolving everything in the
beginning Oh yep just one thing just
something foot you look you put yeah if
you put the handle name only John should
highlight right yeah okay oh yeah so if
you look in the column you see like the
state of the application you have to
select appear my performance you know
yeah physically it's a framework ah yes
we are oh let's look at is really cool
especially because having this having
this mixture that we have something that
whether we like my design or do we like
a new design you can just it's just a UI
problem is not a library problem so it's
good that you haven't had coded it is
good that you have like Danny probably
so we can share quickly again again like
the only thing that is missing before
like adding this is the soul by captain
Singh resolve come a time when you
offical stuff and being able to edit
Jason like right now you can't really
edit it so wonderful yes really really
cool good job amazing for a look forward
to see the actual playground whenever we
have it to be having my baby ok so
moving next do this exactly what I
wanted to know what annoys you and if
you choose start withdrawing that
lecture no no you said it's in any
comment for you how's wondering is it a
something happening this week talk too
busy oh no he commented a bit ago saying
that he's basically not working on it
until like where
working in person yeah but yes we're
knocking on the content found the
playground I think daughter yeah so next
thing is the content your content Lee
gets up the page I just posted this
morning something that been trying to
collect since two weeks ago and it's
written in the way i would like to write
it but it's it's really dragged I
possibly probable that there are
exercise machines resigning need to talk
with the read on how you actually do one
but some particular things I need to
play with that myself and I the dive
deep into RT of these should just
subscribe the library in the common
light which I am film and depend on me
company and then the practical example
is about just copying the examples from
I type this on my phone so it was a big
thing but getting there practical
examples from from the current activity
website so but more or less the part of
the container I really care about is the
basics and is a basics whatever is
called the basics published should not
be called the basics because advises a
full if the basics look too complex but
the various data model and what is
what's a cabal above to a point object
and then we name this object the hash
and then we use the path and then moving
the swim another object and where and
then you should repeat and do a back go
back whispering on the map code baggage
and then we're going to was what CID
what is this other stuff well add then I
breezeways the combi nine and some
popular examples if you move on to a
different you know sorry you moved on to
the issue about the content on the gets
total pressure or not these their
content again sample page yeah yeah okay
oh yeah I moved on into suppose Tessa
tell ya
so it should I really would like you to
have a look at it music even try to put
some sort of character into it but I am
e so the sort of character is like last
stab extremely filthy and the morrow and
acceptance and what's I could take a few
patches and so on yeah so yeah this is
going to be like on the web page or in a
tutorial like houses Pilates they get
sound great just start a okay so
you want me to look at the copy and
improve it yeah yeah this is not a final
copy I would like you right now is there
almost final copy I liked you to go over
and make it a fan of coverage ok so I'm
not a ticket and put it into a markdown
file and put it into a PR because that
will help review better than looking at
me let me and let me do that myself
because I think I already have a madam
okay cool yeah so that makes more sense
than having it in a comment in an issue
because yes i know that's fine it's just
not the best format for review and where
should I put it I'm gonna you just threw
it in this repo as a markdown file the
top header and we can move it around
later yeah just gonna say once again
sweet so I let it set up to make it I
don't know let's clear spots wholesome
as possible generic
I'll be ready sounds good ok I'm back
now but actually good ok so I'll
go through that anything else no this is
mainly a picture for work them using
here yeah yeah and this is gonna be
actually would have been like plenty of
examples but as soon as I designed the
exercises which are going to be i call
them exercises but the actual examples
so maybe we should just go to myself and
the day at the path that the I'm missing
times of coal and coke that should be
listed as an example Victor I don't
listen to you ok we say nothing ok and
ok no so we make progress now the motor
pool design for landing page and get
settled page yeah we've news about the
colorful set of icons oh I sellable with
a big family was I met with Emmett yeah
so I'm still waiting for them to get
back to me with film icons that I use
you will probably be similar to the
items we have on the african festival
looks like
um so i'm waiting faces okay otherwise i
have some illustrator friends and i can
ask them to do something and then tell
the only things that if if you use that
your day official work then very likely
they will they find to you proposal but
very likely they want to get paper the
point average which makes us yeah but
they are fine to just sketch something
for you and you know undo like okay i
will ping ok and next link the
construction stronger that's just about
the is adding the interactive com
example in the above them in the monitor
okay um and you're gonna work very
quickly because i want to make sure and
we add them all okay the define more
language what this is people so with one
okay are we done with the weather comes
up come up with a for Hookers features
of IPL be
I think I I approve the very last thing
we said look which everything okay high
school let me apply it to your website
so now I won't rust edition yeah if
you're right now okay now examples of
appeal the usage I think it's fine to do
this open but I think that this ad we
have discussed this oma over again so
this is like a one of these issues were
want people to hopkinton and I think
we're I think we know what we're going
to be what is one very clear but this
angle a which would be great to escape
this country fun although i think i have
a conversation with him once about this
and we said or even wrote a condom and
main microphone also say get the kind of
advice
maybe we can as I had if he has some
time to learn some more baby
maybe yeah I do think you are some of
these days I'm going the get stolen in
the bottom right right in the indirect
contact that you brought for Muslim for
the get stolen yeah it was there was a
huge comments here before ah ok new
Asian yeah so in the in the in the file
you just made our possible to get stolen
there is one shot yeah practical
examples right yeah how long time do you
think it would take to make those
examples oh no we had those examples we
just need to do we have those examples
making this example trivial weird is
example in the current website we
haven't got with with an app like a
guided battery but that would be
basically I think they would not take
too long ok yeah let us something to do
the animals but we have those examples
of writing the in the specification
because the current website is just
really and less name things differently
so the specification is something that
doesn't exist yet the current example
that the current website is a sort of
specification this like Bastion 0 ok
yeah veteran one will not have those
examples so so where is the the these
examples floated up train on the social
network example the central Network
example is not in that one ah yeah my
god yeah that is a that is a very basic
one and so that's like the one that we
already have in bed that's your page all
right now again thanks
okay so i just wanna come in for help
I'll get out here and then the situation
on the playground all the directory
issues about the playground should cross
one of them I see them kind of us two
different different things like the
playground would be like I actually used
to do to you can use when you work with
Slyke I ple data structures that would
maybe come with a bunch of different
resolvers stuff okay so people working
with I believe they can use it as
something that improves stuff so they
don't have to I don't know copy and
paste stuff into I JSON file and execute
our with monitress over why the
interactive interactive example that we
have on the non-image would be a very
basic thing that's like calm sweet
predefined data it's just one of them is
meant to explain i piedi for first
timers the other one is supposed to be a
useful tool if that makes us yeah make
sense okay okie dokie maybe i should
note that down in the tiger yeah okay
let them eat it now one more I think one
what is it the lead the third one so
they should call it me
you do I don't know if you were saying
something yeah um I commercial headed
this morning you come to account alone
again um yeah let's let's say one little
lesser than the Sun 11 and convey that
we were I won the simplest way to
explain the appeal they write but
because we think of this random guy this
is bad everywhere upset and says I'm a
developer I know unless what's going on
or even the librarian that knows one
less what's going on or whoever has a
big that set the most were nuts what's
going on or who was built this entire
application he'll make maybe actually
revolution right this release personas
but anyway
we don't the building block makes it
sound like it's the only way you can
distribute data securely which isn't
true I can distribute data securely by
wrapping it in brown paper and mailing
gets a victor um right so that's why
it's like the building block doesn't
really make sense a building black kind
of make sense but then I wanna know what
you're building it's like a metaphor
that doesn't work on its own yeah so
that's why like I bill t is an essential
part of distributing data securely on
the decentralized net I don't know like
I buildi will help you just interested
securely and that's better ok whatever I
want to give to people is not just about
so I don't just want to talk to the
decentralized web people how out to talk
also people they want this to be a big
man sets and they want to use sorry
people Deb so they should I we have to
pay attention and you're not going in
there yes I think just like yo D can
help with distributing data securely by
naming data with hashes that's fine I
mean this is a great but does this idea
came i distribute down yeah I build is
not about distributing data I feel these
about defining and the data structures
start to use when you're distributing
the night all right yeah this is
Galactica and then I mean for that so
facilitates I mean can help I mean is
open to all so it's a somatic variation
right it doesn't necessarily mean it's a
protocol or a wire transfer ending it
just means that it's part of the process
maybe maybe something better if we could
just take out the first sentence binary
data with hatchets would provide
immutability cryptographic Integrity's
anyone in the network can help
distribute the data yeah well I would
like some like one sentence expert once
and one catches on booze work you leave
oh yes I'm gonna get either loosen your
not going to go and like it's you have
up above 11 days ago your comment which
has like three central points like by
nature of a sentence you're not it will
be very hard to get three central points
in one sense it's like yeah the cycle
may be information do i think i'll try
to say so you can use more clauses time
it's very difficult to have that
measurement intensity you could just do
by naming data with dashes we provide
immutability and prolific integrity so
anyone in the network and up distribute
data without needing to be trusted that
says what you want to say in one
sentence I think you're right okay what
I want is something starts with ideas so
then I ok I'm I'm just I think I ends
and wheezing using the mid sentence
contains everything we can do that i
built a provides immutability and cook
about the integrity for data by naming
data with hashes so that any one of the
network can help distribute the data
without needing to be trusted yes ok
this sounds that sounds really good
redditor yeah and then and then if the
yes I think the playground will explain
that it's data for men and women names
hopefully i will he make sure that we
will show that even a good thing I
browsing for money links guilt ok so
there's the sentence just now typically
provides a readability for both
integrity by naming day with hashes so
any one of the network and i'll
distribute data but it leaves me
trusting ok let's stick with this one
for now ok cool we have to change it
anyway mission it's not good circles
cool so this is done ok so so Victor
applied ready and then put it on the
website then we'll take a look at it
smell good ok just give me one second
because I wanted to find out and there
was an issue and was amongst oh ok
Victor
assigns Paul number 26 to you read me
poll it's pretty simple it should be 12
seconds also okay I have one more thing
to say which is we assign ourselves the
deadline of today being that the day in
which grab everyone is almost ready now
I think that we can reach that that line
but I I think mostly was my fault
because I've been disconnected and exams
and we don't have them but I think we're
not that far although we have it looks
like we have many issues it's all about
getting the control diet and getting the
playground fortress at Bastion one of
the playground
and what we can work work work although
we would have been amazing with all that
was done I think we can already start
asking as as as plan could other people
in problems like corn today and others
to give us hints on how we can improve
the website so we can stop now dating
period they was meant to stop now
although we don't have to get started
page and the playground ready but these
are the two things that are missing
correct
I say oh and then day of course the
beautification so let adding the way of
three main has now general
beautification the gets up the page and
just give me one second hello okay and
okay so do you have some time line
Richard for one you think we could be
done with the which other one I everyone
hang on to work on business yeah I don't
have much anything else to do um all I
was here for was the content stuff it's
victor who might have a timeline as far
as i know i think i'm done with
everything ok the wrong because you need
such remain still yeah yeah so all I old
likes of all I need to do is go through
the tutorial and edit it which I can do
today ok let's let's put let's put like
next week ok as a the quicker you give
it to me the batter I'm just gonna go
through and reviewed in that tutorial I
should take me 20-30 minutes um ok so
yeah and so let's say that I'm trying
all my best to give you everything you
need and things that I'm let's i will i
will try all my best the issues i add
this the last week MIT and here we have
exams going on you and with that there
should be i I think I don't have much to
give you so I think by next Thursday you
store them to say I'm on flight so on a
flight it's perfect time to write stuff
so babe I Friday you will have more
content than then then then plan yeah
there's more content I'm happy to do
like a 24 hour turnaround for any
content you give me um Victor guy who
has a turnover the website though
because yeah Lisa what about you what is
your time and what you think why mean is
it depends on Mike a long time the
interactive code example like the rest
of the stuff is monthly like putting it
on the website positioning it ah but he
also depends on like I didn't see the
get started page content that you
brought until now so it depends on what
we want to how how we want to format all
that as well ah that's yeah like we're
waiting for the icons which set up https
or deadlines should have been the 23rd
of December which is next more week yeah
might be up too much a bit too much I
think my room yeah I I think we
definitely have something ready to show
off by the next thing and then I think
we can put the website online before the
next week because I wonder iteration
process with other people I mean really
really have one week lot of work exactly
because everybody looking trim kitchens
in your debt so whatever happens now is
the mobile pushing out the best is going
to be so bad by the end of the nuke
reactor ideally website up and running
from one week after that after that but
my my thoughts are that wind really need
to get feedback from them people right
now so we can cook them right now so in
this week we might just might be these
things i was at plus some extra things
that other people in the lab are gonna
come up with so Victor tell me if you
have any problems in England in building
either the playground or doing other
stuff
and you I let the site let's like make
this time before the end so we're gonna
have maybe a cone with one in two hours
interval you know it when I went 20
minutes what were you getting from no no
I mean that's the only time in fish you
get you guys can you guys can have it
with one and then you write down
anything on the internet but if one
wants to oculus I can only do and now
its IPO now's your surgical and then
after surgical I've two hours okay
alright so my love it maybe we do it
tomorrow or something yeah oh wait this
Saturday may be good for you sorry
saturday is a good day for you to a
meeting so stop generally no but who can
do it why I should prefer we can move it
smaller answer because we are linked at
a time and if you guys are fine with
having a chat with one on survey then I
can find why I think you should be there
yeah I want to be there for ya so let's
see if quite can install a good quantity
not tomorrow do tomorrow is crystal I
who I will continue to ping him and see
if we can agree on motor so good Thank
You exam oh good job everyone I'm sorry
for blowing how they get sample page
it's okay well is it easy okay I really
want to see the website after learning I
told too many people that actually
website would be out and have many
people are relying on so many perceptive
to use a purely and whenever they talk
about it really have nothing confirmed
to a apart from different website which
is not really explanatory so we really
want I could it be the coolest thing
that we can inform our beta in and it
giving these problems within one more
thing to make it super cool which is
transformations but that's a whole new
topic
yeah i'm looking forward to learn more
okie dokie so in general light aside
from the websites you sound like this
specification is a I can draft or not in
on that at this point right so like this
relation the specification is something
that I have drafted long time ago and
they and they it's very short dislike is
visually like a one-page two-page so my
canister somewhere I can read I need to
that night is fun and the transformation
stuff no not transformation is a outer
scope I ignored the Bakken formation if
you want but transformation is really on
the scope even for next quarter so as
I'm just interested to like trying to
understand teleconnections it again I'm
just trying to grasp like in general the
constants around on the inside of my
family and I chose mentions of
transformations and selectors for I
couldn't find like a collection of it
leaves red Aleppo it was very little
especially because I think in this last
six months my egg idea of what
information should be as changed
radically I think when we started we
were thinking we were giving for granted
a lot of difficult problems but so
example a transformation you can ask
someone else to do a transformation on a
graph which basically you apply a
function to a graph but then what you
want you want to make sure that that
graph has been transformed currently
without you applying the transformation
so yes of course it would be easy for
you talk like don't summation yourself
but it'd be amazing if someone else can
apply the transformation soup for you
when we let's discuss this with this hum
genet and if if we have time I'm
planning to give like a week 12 hours
pro possibly just one hour right when I
will wrap up in the same way
Nicola did for openstreetmap also for
his open maps and may want to do instead
at the verifiable competition and how he
applies to all I ple so what is
happening with like the core
specification right now ok it's gonna
say like mostly in the same world so it
might one is not my plan is to create a
12 pages so I promised my I promised one
that I would have done that by the two
week and but I think at the same time so
in the next in the next three weeks
until January first weeks Wow oops next
week's I'm finishing up the paper and n
days there's the introduction of the
paper and the rest of the paper which is
the specification such good looking
forward to read enough yeah can I look
forward to damn adductor it has been
speculated on oh she's like no no but
there's me let us be no change that the
current spec is good ok the current spec
script is that it is not real span so
it's very big people mmm if someone
wants to implement it they would have no
idea whether ya hu ya oh would ya oh
cool ok bye everyone maybe you are the
research meeting in 10 minutes a
different co guys thank you so much